h1. Zotonic

h2. Official Repository

The official repository of Zotonic can be found at its 
"Google Code project site":http://code.google.com/p/zotonic/

You can use Mercurial to clone the official repository using:
> hg clone https://zotonic.googlecode.com/hg/ zotonic

h2. GitHub mirror and fork

The official Git mirror for the Zotonic project is located at:
http://github.com/arjan/zotonic

The frequency of the mirroring of the Mercurial updates on this 
official Git mirror has been once or twice around the time of a 
major release of the Zotonic project (not regularly) so far.

There are several forks on GitHub of this Git mirror.

This fork is located at "mbbx6spp/zotonic":http://github.com/mbbx6spp/zotonic

The master and release branches and tags will only contain commits 
from either the upstream official Git repo or the official Mercurial repo 
of Zotonic.  Other branches or tags may contain code contributed by 
+mbbx6spp+ (aka "@SusanPotter":http://twitter.com/SusanPotter).

h2. Using Git with submodules

The reason I am maintaining a Git mirror and fork of Zotonic instead of using
Mercurial directly is because I have private Git submodules under priv/sites 
of the distribution for my own Zotonic site configuration and have no time to 
manage non Git repos for my own code.

First of all you will want to set .hgignore as the excludes file for your Git 
repository clone:
> git config core.excludesfile .hgignore

Instead of creating a duplicate file called .gitignore.

Then if you want to save your site configuration in your own private Git repos 
you can create a new Git repository under priv/sites/[yoursitename] and add it 
as a submodule on the top level.  You might want to add .gitmodules to 
.hgignore if I haven't already added it.  In addition add the site directories 
to .hgignore as well.
